[3.1] Fix really bad bug in .rotate (#6340)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/6340.bugfix.rst

> Fixed :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.rotate` incorrectly transposing twice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an erroneous transpose of the image data by :meth:`sunpy.map.GenericMap.rotate`.
```
Not only does "transposing twice" not really accurately describe the bug, it reads silly since transposing twice would be the same as a no-op.

Author: Fair point!
